you can find me on  and pless support me
https://www.youtube.com/@titoGamersHaven
-What?
-Nothing.
Just waiting for you to finish.
The fuck you talking about?
It's all-you-can-eat here! Dig in!
You said we were going
somewhere awesome!
We did.
Here. And we're still here.
Can't you guys see this
for what it is?
Bottomless pitchers
of alien beer in a garden.
a beer garden!
No genocide within hearing distance.
I mean. this is. to quote
a movie I will never watch.
"As good as it gets."
-It is?
-That's... sad.
Oh my God. Whatever you have
to say is not this time-sensitive.
I can't believe you're making me
pause to talk this much.
You guys.
this is where sentience peaks.
This is not being chased
and not chasing.
This is what spiritual types call...
I don't know. Vishnu's titty.
Latch on and gobble up.
-Was that ad targeting Morty?
-It didn't land over here.
We're happy you're happy. I guess.
So much...
So much yeast.
Yeah. Everything you ate
is designed to expand.
Good point. Sum-Sum.
Let's get Grandpa a new tum-tum.
Not quite what I was pitching.
Did we...
We drove here. right?
Yeah. Rick gave you his keys.
New stomach. stomach that is new
No. Grandpa.
we're not portaling. Keys!
-I'm looking! I'm looking!
-Grandpa. slow down.
Why do we even bother
driving anywhere?
-Hurry up. Morty.
-No. Rick. get back over here!
-Or what?
-What?
Or what? What are you gonna do
if I don't do what you say?
Travel Hitler!
I'm the smartest living thing
in the carbon-based unisphere.
What's gonna happen to me
if I refuse to--
So this place sells any body part?
I'd love to have thinner ankles.
Oh. G--
Oh fuck. oh fuck. oh fuck.
oh fuck. oh fuck!
Of all the stupid...
Dicks.
Tampering detected.
Dramatic. I barely touched you.
-Initiating self-destruct.
-What?!
-This body has...
-Seven.
...nuclear devices.
-Please retreat to range of...
-Fourteen miles.
Bitch. they can't make me run
one mile.
Fuck!
This is not my fault!
How do I disable self-destruct?
She needs help with self-destruct.
Hey! No tampering!
Tell me what to do!
Flip me over. back panel.
password: Mortysuxx with two Xs.
-Tear ducts on.
-No. Ow!
Time zone: Mountain Time.
-No!
-Self-destruct...
-Oh my God.
-...paused.
Phew.
Don't relax yet.
You're in the wrong place
to be toting that thing around.
Duh. It looks like I murdered a guy.
Oh. that's fine.
They see a lot of murder. actually.
The cops have really given up
down there.
-What?!
-Hey. you turned off self-destruct.
-not me.
-Give Morty the phone!
-Morty!
-Hey!
-Morty. no!
-How is Rick's head even alive?
He's got little inflatable neck bags.
What do we do here. sis?
I checked. I don't have the keys.
No. that's my bad.
They were in his lab coat.
-Goddamn it!
-Portal gun's fried too.
We might actually be fucked here.
She's on the same planet. We're fine.
Grandpa. be helpful.
I am. Get to my guy Seb's
and sit tight.
I'll have Morty drop a pin.
Morty. hang up so you can drop a pin.
Hoo! I am back!
Wow! Beheading really sobers you up.
Maybe lost a little too much air
on that "hoo" just now.
Pick me up.
We gotta fix this ticking clock.
This is gonna gargle total balls.
Let's see what other settings
you have.
Whoa! Check out that body.
Girl ain't bad either.
Don't be gross. Come on.
Let's kill her and steal it.
Need help with this unit. miss?
Back off!
-Hey!
-Oh. was this yours?
Get away from my grandpa!
Give us that body!
-Sunblock?
-This body's a gold mine!
Whoa! What a great demo
of its capabilities!
Oh. goddamn it.
Transport setting.
transport setting. transport setting.
Yes!
Why are we at a hospital?
Wait. We better not be here
to raid the medicine cabinet.
With me and what liver. Morty?
Hey! No. no!
I decide when I have spittle!
Ah. this is the one they mentioned.
Is healthcare always this slow?
I could fix healthcare.
I'm thinking of fixes right now.
Little boy. do you understand
those papers you signed?
You really consent to this?
Why? What's wrong?
You signed up for a head-ectomy.
Is that bad?
You were gonna become my head!
Not anymore!
The police have been notified. son.
Well. hang on!
I don't want the surgery.
-but I also don't want--
-Stay right here.
Thanks for nothing. Morty!
Now we're in trouble.
Are you insane?
We just need to get to Summer!
Look at that nosy. interloping shit.
I bet he called
weird hospital security.
Oh fuck. he called
weird hospital security!
Morty. out the window!
Morty. out the window now!
-The window. Morty! The window!
-Stop them!
-Taxi!
-Hey!
-Morty! Ow!
-Drive!
You're the worst grandpa ever!
I'm not your grandpa. Morty.
I'm your grandpa's head.
What's the difference?
I didn't know there was one.
But it's only been an hour
and let me tell you.
it is crazy having no dick.
-Gross!
-The opposite of gross.
Total clarity.
My bags are sagging.
We did not fix that clock at all.
You got to upgrade me soon. Morty.
Otherwise. I'll just die.
Then you and Summer
will be extra fucked.
Breaking news. A severed head
has kidnapped a small child.
Authorities are on high alert.
And to be clear. there is a reward.
A fat reward.
We didn't have money anyway.
Where to?
I don't know!
I can't see shit from down here!
Oh. God!
No brakes. no brakes. no brakes!
Are you Seb? My Grandpa Rick sent me.
He said we could lay low here.
He got his head chopped off.
His head's still alive. I guess.
I don't know why
I'm telling you all this.
It's cool. We're best friends.
Oh. You're not the stomach guy?
Rick comes to me for lots of stuff.
But yes.
it's usually stomach-forward.
Sorry. I didn't mean it
however you're taking it.
Does Rick hang with other mechanics?
I don't know.
This neighborhood is terrifying.
Do you have anything
to make this thing less useless?
Not sure the "stomach guy"--
Bro. your skin's metal.
It can't be that thin.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Body. no!
Easy. fella.
-Easy.
-It's okay.
It's okay.
You can't see
or hear me right now. can you?
Do you have anything
that can. you know...
Oh!
Sonar. infrared.
everything you simians need.
How you feel. pal?
Alright. I'm chilling at Seb's.
What's your status?
-Occupied!
-I need an air filter and weapons
or Morty will have killed me.
Okay. does this work.
like an electronics store?
-Yes! Fine! Go!
-Hurry. please.
This neighborhood smells like
gasoline. which I liked at first.
but now feel sick from.
Rick. we still don't have money!
Time to be a problem solver. Morty.
Got to use your head!
-This is a stickup!
-There you go. Morty!
-I'm proud of you.
-Give us a bunch of...
a bunch of loose technology!
-Who are you?
-Shit. It's that boy and the head!
-From the news!
-What?
You got to live more
in the world. Randall!
Threaten them!
I have lasers in my eyes!
Give me computer chips!
Oh. sorry. just checking.
Seb. we still laying low?
-Shit.
-Seb says he's got a hot new bod.
And I don't mean from working out.
Did you literally
just sell us out in the time
between leaving this room
and coming back?
You know how much
this thing is worth?
This is Rick Sanchez's body!
-Boo.
-Also. yeah. my feelings are hurt.
You think you know a guy.
He does hang out
with other mechanics!
There's a hot. smart one
named Rachel he likes.
Get them!
If Morty's had an easy day today.
I swear to fucking God.
Whoa. Body!
I guess you do keep the score!
Smooth. That will work.
Reavers!
Did we just get on a train that
took us back to where we started?
I guess it'd make sense
if you have no sense of direction.
Get them!
Body!
You can't run.
My men will never give up.
If one falls.
more will rise in their place!
Get them!
I mean. they kind of kicked our ass
when we had a bunch more guys.
You know what? You're a bad leader.
-You can have him.
-We are quiet-quitting!
Guys! That's just normal quitting!
Welp. I've come this far.
Wait!
Huh?
Wow.
I don't know what to say.
Whoa. Very different
from Rick's usual MO.
Does hugging people
really disarm them like that?
Whoa!
Move. move. move. move!
-Hello?
-Seb sold us out.
We need a new rendezvous point.
Yeah. that's why I only use him
for stomachs.
Why do you sound strange?
Rick ate the phone.
It's inside him now.
Just meet us at the spaceport.
if we survive this.
Morty and I are very vulnerable
to bullets right now.
Hold on. The cops are on line two.
Hello. We've run the numbers.
Your hostages are expendable.
-Oh God!
-Eat me. pig!
I'm upgraded enough. Morty. Aim me!
No! No killing people!
I'm drawing a line!
-Fine.
-You mean it?
You won't cackle with battle rage
and explode the city?
I'm all brain right now. Morty.
You can't get battle lust as a brain.
Oh! Okay.
God!
Oh no!
-My knees!
-This is great.
Our adventures
can get so much less violent.
The show can be cerebral. Morty.
I don't hate that.
Grab more parts.
Everyone's alive.
I'm a head of my word. Morty.
Check this out.
Hello?
A mistake?! Wow!
Talk about a departmental scandal.
False alarm. guys.
I guess it's a different kid
and head.
-Oh. man!
-How embarrassing.
Just killed our GTA rating.
How about that. Morty?
No outstanding warrants.
You like that?
I do like that.
Yeah. just bought us tickets
to the spaceport too.
First class. Money's made up. Morty.
It's not real!
I can pay for whatever
our family needs!
Everyone said Tenet was bad.
It's amazing!
Wipe my tears. Morty.
I haven't watched a full movie
in decades.
Not having to pee is incredible.
Anything to drink before we land?
None for me. thanks.
Wow!
Well. if there needs to be
a creepy alcoholic?
Down. Morty.
Looks like their flight's on time.
What's this?
"Hello. Summer. This is Rick's body."
Well. obviously.
Sorry. sorry.
"I overthink.
My head gets in the way
of telling you I love you.
but I'm all heart right now.
so you're amazing.
Take a gap year in Europe.
Believe in yourself.
Your parents are stupid."
Dumb body.
There they are.
Well. bye. Rick's head.
It was fun getting to carry you
around like this.
It was nice putting
our heads together. Morty.
A-plus team up.
You piece of shit!
I'm never going back!
You can't make me!
I guess...
I guess each one is so happy
on their own. they--
Want to kill the other
so they never go back. Yeah.
You guys had a great day too. huh?
-The best.
-Shit.
What the hell. Summer?!
You spent a couple hours
with Rick's body
and now it wants to kill his brain?
Rick's head
treats his body like shit.
I can't believe you gave it weapons.
Obviously. Rick's brain
wouldn't want to die.
Me?! You let his body get
a little robot head thing!
You got played as bad as I did!
-Morty.
-Shh!
Morty. stop calling.
Everything's fine.
Just where are you? Are you still
trying to kill each other?
It's all good. Morty. Seriously.
I'll meet you back at home.
Just gonna get a new body real quick.
-Oh?
-Yeah. me and my old body.
you know. we don't need to beef.
We just go our separate ways. baby.
New lives!
-Grandpa Rick. you're not yourself.
-Is that Summer?!
She's a fucking body loyalist.
Take me off speaker. You know what?
-Rick. wait!
-We're pretty boned.
You wanna tell Mom we lost Grandpa?
Maybe they'll eventually realize
they both need each other?
I hear Rick mocking me as I say it.
He'll be so pissed
if this is how he dies.
Rachel?
Hello? Shop's closed.
Rick?
Rachel! I've just got this cool task
I thought we might jam on.
I need a special body.
No lust. no alcoholism. Just 100%...
Oh.
Wait. What?!
So there was something here?!
I thought if I made a move.
I'd destroy the friendship.
Yeah. well. keep thinking. buddy.
We could have had ten years
of canonical will-they/won't-they!
Yeah. To be clear.
it does ruin everything.
I had an orgasm. It was incredible.
-It was?!
-And now it's over.
Honestly. I kind of need
both of you to leave.
You disgusting. giant-schlonged
friendship ruiner!
Hey! Don't bust up my place!
Oh. come on!
Hi. Morty. I'm calling because--
Yeah. they were here.
Yeah. both of them. Gone now.
Semi-related to that.
I need you to delete my number.
You horny idiot!
You always fuck everything up!
Drinking. sullying relationships.
eating late-night desserts!
But now I'm gonna be free
of you forever.
Okay. I assume you're pantomiming
that you're gonna be free
of me forever.
What a retort. How clever.
You little bitch!
Huh. That would have really
laid you out if you had ears.
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
Yes! Mind over matter!
Fuck you!
-Head. stop!
-Body. no!
Maybe we need to get closer?
I'm so proud of that dumb body.
Just this morning.
I used it as a scooter.
You're mine now. bitch!
Not mine literally.
I'm gonna kill you.
I don't want you back.
Oh. shit.
Damn it! Wait!
Oh! Oh. shit.
Listen. I'm sorry. okay?!
I'll be good. I promise!
No more benders.
no more all-you-can-eat.
No more weird. little stick-n-poke
tattoos I give myself when I'm drunk.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Rick!
-Body. no!
He's our grandpa! You are too!
You guys are both victims
because you're both selfish.
Think of each other.
Okay. hang on. hang on. hang on!
One more thing. one more thing!
How about this?
What do you think they're saying?
I don't know. Why is it whispering?
Must be a compelling argument.
Oh God.
Should we check in?
I'm just glad they're hashing it out.
-Rick?
-You're back!
Oh. Hey. kids.
Yeah. I...
We...
agreed to become one Rick again.
-How about that?
-Abrupt.
Anyways. can't thank you
both enough for today.
Really appreciate you two
helping out. Let's get to the car.
Did you just suck
your own dick in there?
-Whoa!
-No. I didn't!
Why would you guess that?
-Why would you do that?!
-I didn't!
Oh my God! You totally did!
Damn. body. Get it.
That is not what I was doing.
and I was--
I will not explain
what it actually was.
-Uh-huh.
-Sure thing. ho.
Can we leave
the collapsing refinery destroyed?
Hi. Mom? Yeah. We found him.
Oh! What a Tuesday. huh?
I just hope you learn
to treat yourself better.
-Me too.
-"Me too"?
You control whether
you learn something or not.
No. no. I do. And I did.
And I know this sounds like classic
morning-after. dumping-coke talk.
but I think I've turned
a new leaf here.
My mind and body are out of sync.
Each blames the other
for my bullshit.
So I'll do something healthy
for all of us.
-No. you won't.
Rise and shine. motherfucker!
It's time to train!
Summer too! Summer's training too!
Rick. get out of my room!
-That experience changed me. man.
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
I didn't see
what I was doing to myself.
Did you think he'd commit this much?
No! Why are we even doing this?!
Come on. you son of a bitch! Swim!
-Go. go. go. go!
-Come on. come on!
-Yeah! Yeah!
-Yes! Whoo!
Whoo!
Yeah!
How about that. huh?
Medaling at the Olympics.
-I'm so tired.
-No more. Please.
See? You just needed to learn
how unsatisfying it is
to work really hard for something.
Is that the takeaway?
I feel bad. I can't remember
this guy's name.
What do you guys want to do now?
I knew you'd come around.
It's nice to be off that diet.
Time to ride Vishnu's titty!
I guess you're only supposed
to bite your medal if it's gold.
The bronze hurt my teeth.
-You got all that?
-You got it. chief.
See you. pal.
Oh. one more thing.
The downstairs fridge.
tell Summer to do something
about that stank.
-Rick.
-It's mold or something.
I'm not looking into it.
Jesus! Asshole!
-Eh?!
-You fucking scared me!
You hear that music. Morty?
Warner wouldn't let us use
the real music.
That's all. folks!
Did you get any of that?
you can find me on  and pless support me
https://www.youtube.com/@titoGamersHaven